Add as400 pcml connector configuration (#1729)
wso2/docs-ei: en/micro-integrator/docs/references/connectors/as400-pcml-connector/as400-pcml-connector-configuration.md

# Setting up the AS400 PCML Environment  

The AS400 PCML connector allows you to access RPG programs that are available on AS400 (renamed as IBM iSeries) servers using WSO2 EI. This is done using [Program Call Markup Language](https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/ssw_ibm_i_74/rzahh/pcml.htm) (PCML). 

> To work with the AS400 PCML connector, you need to have a IBM iSeries server. If you do not have a IBM iSeries server, go to [public IBM iSeries server](https://pub400.com/), and create a public IBM iSeries server.

Reviewer: you need to have access to an IBM iSeries server. If you do not have an on-premise IBM iSeries server, go to [public IBM iSeries server](https://pub400.com/), and create a public IBM iSeries server account.

Author: Updated.

The connector uses the IBM JTOpen library for all its operations. Copy the **jt400.jar** to `<ESB_HOME>/repository/components/lib` folder. You can download the IBM JTOpen library from (here)[https://sourceforge.net/projects/jt400/].

### Setting up public IBM iSeries server

Follow the steps below to create public IBM iSeries server.

> 1. Go to [https://pub400.com](https://pub400.com/) and click **Sign up** button.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Go to [https://pub400.com](https://pub400.com/) and click the **Sign up** button.
```

Author: Updated.

    <img src="../../../../assets/img/connectors/as400-signup.png" title="AS400-signup page" width="600" alt="AS400-signup page"/>
    

> 2. Enter required details for request a new user profile and click **Submit** button.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Enter the required details to request for a new user profile and click the **Submit** button.
```

Author: Updated.

    <img src="../../../../assets/img/connectors/as400-signup-details.png" title="AS400-signup details" width="600" alt="AS400-signup details"/>
    

> 3. You will received the reply email with the client credentials to the your email account (It will take some hours).

Reviewer: You will receive a reply email

Author: Updated.

> 3. You will received the reply email with the client credentials to the your email account (It will take some hours).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. You will receive an email response with the client credentials to your email account (it will take a few hours).
```

Author: Updated.

4. Navigate in to the [IBM i Access - Client Solutions](https://www.ibm.com/support/pages/ibm-i-access-client-solutions) page.

> 5. Download the **IBM i Access Client Solutions**.

Reviewer: Shall we first mention why we need IBM i Access Client Solutions?

Author: Added description.

    <img src="../../../../assets/img/connectors/as400-ibm-client-access.png" title="IBM i Access Client Solutions" width="600" alt="IBM i Access Client Solutions"/>

> 6. Extract the downloaded zip file and install it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. Extract the downloaded .zip file and install it.
```

Author: Updated.

7. Start the IBM I access client solution.
   
    <img src="../../../../assets/img/connectors/as400-ibm-client-access-homepage.png" title="IBM i Access Client Solutions start" width="600" alt="IBM i Access Client Solutions start"/>

8. Click **System Configurations** section under **Management** section. 

    <img src="../../../../assets/img/connectors/as400-system-configuration.png" title="IBM i Access system-configuration" width="500" alt="IBM i Access system-configuration"/>

> 9. You will prompt following window and click **New** button.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
9. The following window appears. Click the **New** button.
```

Reviewer 2: Ideally we need to add more information on what we are trying to achieve in this step.

Author: Updated.

  
    <img src="../../../../assets/img/connectors/as400-ibm-add-new-system.png" title="IBM i Access add new system" width="600" alt="IBM i Access add new system"/>

> 10. Add required details. Add **System name** and **Description** under General tab. In this sample we used `System name` as `pub400.com`. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
10. Add the required details. Add the **System name** and **Description** under General tab. In this sample we use `pub400.com` as the **System name**. 
```

Author: Updated.

    <img src="../../../../assets/img/connectors/as400-ibm-add-systemname.png" title="IBM i Access add new system name" width="600" alt="IBM i Access add new system name"/>

> 11. Add **Default username** and **port** number under **Connection** tab. In this sample we need to use `port` number as `23`. And click **OK**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
11. Add the **Default username** and **port** number under the **Connection** tab. In this sample we need to use `port` number as `23`. Click **OK**.
```

Author: Updated.

    <img src="../../../../assets/img/connectors/as400-ibm-port-and-username.png" title="IBM i Access add port number" width="600" alt="IBM i Access add port number"/>

> 12. After setting up the configuration we can use the **5250 Emulator**. Click **5250 Emulator** link under **General** section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
12. After setting up the configuration we can use the **5250 Emulator**. Click the **5250 Emulator** link under the **General** section.
```

Author: Updated.

    <img src="../../../../assets/img/connectors/as400-ibm-5250-emulator.png" title="IBM 5250-emulator" width="600" alt="IBM 5250-emulator"/>

> 13. When you click this emulator you need to add the username and password you got in the step 3. Then you will be see the following window.   

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
13. When you click this emulator you need to add the username and password you got in step 3. Then you will see the following window.   
```

Author: Updated.

    <img src="../../../../assets/img/connectors/as400-pub400-server-window.png" title="PUB400 server command line view" width="600" alt="PUB400 server command line view"/>
 
14. You need to add the same user name and password you got in the step 3.

15. Now you can see the following **IBM i Main Menu**.

    <img src="../../../../assets/img/connectors/as400-ibm-i-main-menu.png" title="IBM i Main Menu" width="600" alt="IBM i Main Menu"/>

> For more information about these operations, please refer to the [AS400 PCML connector reference guide](as400 pcml-connector-reference.md).

Reviewer: We do not mention above information in reference guide (Pls correct me if wrong). So we do not need this line. 
What we need to tell is username,password and information x will be required to configure the connector in the following sections.

Author: This information included in reference guide documentation.
